# Python Machine Learning
Machine Learning basically is a method of data analysis that automates analytical model building. It is a branch of artificial intelligence based on the idea that systems can learn from data, identify patterns and make decisions with minimal human intervention.
# Starting with machine learning:
First of all,lets know the difference between regression and classification:
The majority of practical machine learning uses supervised learning. Supervised learning is where you have input variables (x) and an output variable (Y) and you use an algorithm to learn the mapping function from the input to the output Y = f(X) . The goal is to approximate the mapping function so well that when you have new input data (x) that you can predict the output variables (Y) for that data.
Techniques of Supervised Machine Learning algorithms include linear and logistic regression, multi-class classification, Decision Trees and support vector machines. 
Supervised learning requires that the data used to train the algorithm is already labeled with correct answers. For example, a classification algorithm will learn to identify animals after being trained on a dataset of images that are properly labeled with the species of the animal and some identifying characteristics.
 It is further grouped into Regression and Classification problems.
Their basic aim is  construction of a  model that can predict the value of the dependent attribute from the independent  attribute variables. The difference between the two tasks is the fact that the dependent attribute is numerical for regression and categorical for classification.
# Linear Regression
Linear regression attempts to model the relationship between two variables by fitting a linear equation to observed data. One variable is considered to be an explanatory variable, and the other is considered to be a dependent variable. 
Linear regression is used to predict the value of an outcome variable Y based on one or more input predictor variables X. The aim is to establish a linear relationship (a mathematical formula) between the predictor variable(s) and the response variable, so that, we can use this formula to estimate the value of the response Y, when only the predictors (Xs) values are known.
n simple linear regression, we predict scores on one variable from the scores on a second variable. The variable we are predicting is called the criterion variable and is referred to as Y. The variable we are basing our predictions on is called the predictor variable and is referred to as X. When there is only one predictor variable, the prediction method is called simple regression
